Update tls.md (#1694)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/domains/steps/tls.md

You can add a custom certificate via the Platform.sh [management console](/administration/web/_index.md). In the management console for the project go to [Settings](/administration/web/configure-project.md) and click Certificates on the left hand side. You can add a certificate with the `Add` button at the top of the page. You can then add your private key, public key certificate and optional certificate chain.

{{< note >}}
You will need to redeploy the impacted environment(s) for the new certificate to be taken into account.

```bash
platform environment:redeploy
```
{{< /note >}}

> ![Management console configuration for TLS](/images/management-console/settings-certificates.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

![Management console configuration for TLS](/images/management-console/settings-certificates.png)
```

You can add a custom certificate via the Platform.sh [management console](/administration/web/_index.md). In the management console for the project go to [Settings](/administration/web/configure-project.md) and click Certificates on the left hand side. You can add a certificate with the `Add` button at the top of the page. You can then add your private key, public key certificate and optional certificate chain.

{{< note >}}
Redeploying the impacted environment(s) is needed for the new certificate to be taken into account.

> ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```bash
```

> {{< note >}}
> Redeploying the impacted environment(s) is needed for the new certificate to be taken into account.
> ```bash
> platform environment:redeploy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< note >}}
You will need to redeploy the impacted environment(s) for the new certificate to be taken into account.

```bash
platform environment:redeploy
```

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> {{< note >}}
> Redeploying the impacted environment(s) is needed for the new certificate to be taken into account.
> ```bash
> platform environment:redeploy
> ```
> 
> {{< /note >}}
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< note >}}
You will need to redeploy the impacted environment(s) for the new certificate to be taken into account.

```bash
platform environment:redeploy
```
{{< /note >}}
```

> 
> {{< /note >}}
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< /note >}}
```
